### Describe in a high level the solution you have in mind

The implemetation creates a self referencing relationship on the User model.
That way users can follow other users as followers.
Also, users can listen to music. and when a user listens to a music it is
added as a playlist to that user.

A user can listen to multiple songs with a one:many association on the User to the Model.

The API endpoints exist to create user, create music, add follower to user and get recommendations for a user

Uses: PostgresSQL, Sequelize ORM, NodeJS (KOA framework) as the core tools for development.


### What other data could you use to improve recommendations?

More data about the music, like the artist, genre can help recommend better to the user.
Also, more attributes like music that user liked or disliked. cause listening to a song doesnt always translate to the music being liked.

This way the recommendation can be better since it is taking into account the music liked by the user and by their follower. and can also recommend music from an artist whose music has been liked by user.


### Assume a more real world situation where you could have more data you described above, and more time to implement, could you think of a possibly more efficient way to recommend?

I could think of implementing a different data structure. 
with more data comes with more responsibility so a more effecient way of getting
user recommendations has to be implemented

### Assume you have more than one implementation of recommendations, how could you test which one is more effective using data generated by user actions?

I would check the running time and profile both implemetations to get one that
yields results more efficiently and effectively

--

### How long did this assignment take?

Can't quite say cause I was on and off on it. Then did some tearing down and rebuilding due to some uncertainties like best way to implement or what DB to run on.

Finally went with PostgresSQL and Sequelize ORM for the flexibility it provides.
Sequelize makes it easy to create and manage DB models and relationships in NodeJS app
Since the structure of the databse is known and the relationship between entities was clear, it made sense to go with PostgresSQL.

Also, PostgresSQL has a postGIS plugin for database, so in extending the recommendation engine to recommend based on a users location or user follower location, it will be easy to store such location data.


### Where would be the bottlenecks of this solution you have implemented?

Testing. because of the database setup and teardown for each test, this might cause some
issues for PostgresSQL.

Also, In getting recommendations, the tags might be repeated for user and follower, this implementation does not take care of  ensuring the tags are unique when getting recommendation.

feels like the recommendation itself can be better with some further research.
Perharps, a different data structure to make it easier to search for recommendations based on user playlist and user followers.

### What was the hardest part?
 Figuring out if to use a third party module to generate recommendation or use database data and some logic.

 considering it is an MVP, I went with the database solution. This can be better 
 with team research and agreement, as there are many engines and platforms to help
 run a better and more efficient recommender system.


### Did you learn something new?

Yeah, Learnt new things on Sequelize. How to use for different data types,
both for model creation and querying amongst other things.


### Do you feel that your skills were well tested?

I feel like this tested me more on how to work with unfamiliar tools.
Was nice to implement this KOA and Sequelize. My experience with PostgresSQL was with Django and Django ORM.

This made me pick up these tools and deliver with them.
Also had to find ways to implement the script and to decide how to execute the script.
And yeah, I did a whole lot of documentation due to how the assessment was structured and what was asked. Also expressing the importance of documentation for both team mebers and stake holders or users on a project